# Reflections on the Articles
## Article 1 - Why Open Source?
I found this article to be very interesting. Normally, when I am reading such articles, I have to force myself to go on and continue reading it as its part of an assignment etc but this time I was actually intrigued to see what the writer had to say. Before I read the article, I voted on the quiz which asked why do I think people contribute to open source software and I answered “For future job opportunities/career advancements” but I was surprised to see more people answer 
“Altruism” and “To learn something new,” which was my second best guess. Some contributors were being paid by their company to work on open source projects. Some people did it just because they enjoy working on such projects. Individuals could use it as an opportunity to impress potential employers and increase their market value. Peer reputation could also be a factor as to why there are so many people that are involved in open source programming. 

## Article 2 - Guide to Contributing 
This article was a little similar to the previous article. I was quite fascinated to find out that major corporations like Samsung, Intel, IBM etc are quite invested in the open source platform. It highlighted the point that OSS can attract talent to potential employers which was also discussed in the previous article. I found the part where they talk about proper ethics while contributing to OSS quite interesting and made note of that as soon I will be making contributions to Open Source projects and the last thing I would want is to be going against the culture. 
